# outline for a discriptive Essay on the world circa 1400

## Introduction paragraph
** [[Thesis]] **
- Pluto as seen by New Horizons eerily resembles an early earth, with it's
frozen lakes, it's dazzling landscapes, and it's natural beauty.
- ** Main Points ** (summerized in short sentences)
<<<<<<< HEAD
* Pluto's surface has ice.
* Pluto has several landscape features that are simmilar to earths.
* Simmilarly to Earth Pluto is a beautifull planet.
=======
* The world's population was significantly smaller in the fifteenth century.
* Almost all of the people alive in this period were peasants who lived soley
to support the ruling elite.
* The world was very polycentric up until the early 1800s.
>>>>>>> 2702ba250f995d1761653bb35845417fa6589aa9

## Body Paragraph #1
**Main Point**
- Pluto's surface has ice.
*Subpoints*
<<<<<<< HEAD
* Ice capped mountains
* Vast Ice lakes
* Four types of ice.

## Body Paragraph #2
**Main Point**
- Pluto has several landscape features that are simmilar to earths.
*Subpoints*
* Great mountain ranges
* Giant glaciers
* Rugged terrain

## Body Paragraph #3
**Main Point**
- Simmilarly to Earth Pluto is a beautifull planet.
*Subpoints*
* Pluto actually has a brown tint
* Pluto has a huge crater in the shape of a heart
* Methane ice caps on the poles turn the surface yellow

=======
* The world population was aproximately 380 million, this is only slightly
greater than the current population of the US.
* The majority of these 380 million inhabited only 7% of the world.
* only about 10% of people lived in towns or cities.

## Body Paragraph #2
**Main Point**
- Almost all of the people alive in this period were peasants who lived soley
to support the ruling elite.
*Subpoints*
* The elite, in both Europe and Asia alike lived off of the taxes of the
peasants.
* The Black Death caused the crash of the european economey.
* The Quing dynasty which rose to power in the 14th century marked the
beginings of capitalism in China.

## Body Paragraph #3
**Main Point**
- The world was very polycentric up until the early 1800s.
*Subpoints*
* Eight trade routes connected all of Afro-Euraisia.
* No central power controlled the trading system.
* This trade system was the very cause of the Black Death, the disease started
in Asia, but merchants caused a great epidemic in Europe.
>>>>>>> 2702ba250f995d1761653bb35845417fa6589aa9
## Conclusion
**Basically rewrite the Introduction here**

