# Outline for a five paragraph [[Essay]] on the importance of open source software.
- Open source software is a fundamental part of a modern society in digital age.
* Becuase it offers peace of mind and security in knowing exactly how data
is managed and ensures that it is kept from prying eyes.
* Looking past security; open software offers users the ability to tweak
software to meet their needs, this gives enterprise and government users the
flexability that they need.
* Open source software is not only free as in speech, but is aloo free as in a
gift, provided free to all, this has obvious financial benefits.

- Security is a large concern for enterprise and home users alike.
* In a post-Snowden world, the idea that knowbody except for a software vendor
knows exactly where data goes or how it is managed is something scary to many
users, open source software helps to aleviate these fears.
* Corporate espionage is not an uncommon fear among enterprise users, this is a
reason that large corporations spend a large amount of money on security and
IT, while taking proper security measures is always neccesary, open source
software is usually one of those measures.
* Data stored on government machines is generally of upmost importance to
national security, so why would that be entrusted to Microsoft or any other
software vendor?

- When it comes to software one size does not fit every user,
* Bussinesses generally need specialized software to fit into their workflow,
having this software taylor made can cost them a fortune, but they are able to
do it them selves using open source software.
* Government users have needs like no others, with an endless amount of
bureaucracy and reports to be handled they require increadably specialized
software inorder to functoin digitally.
* The ability for vendors and companies to distribute and use different and
improved versions of different peices of software creates a diiverse and
competeative enviroment, pushing the limits of the free market.

- Software can be expensive,
* This can be a barrier to hardware manufacturers, who may be unable to provide
low priced products becuase they cannot offset the price of this software.
* Without spending money on software, small bussinesses are able to spend those
funds on other things, growing the economey as a whole.
* Free software removes one barrier that may prevent users from getting online
or doing the things they need/want with their devices.

- In conclusion free and open source software, FOSS, provides a uniqe set of
benifits to personal, enterprise, and government users,
* as well as being a free alternative to things which do not offer these
benifits.
* Benifits, which include added security,
* and a great amount of customizability.




